So, OpenAI just dropped a new image
model called CatchBT Images 2.0 and it
is really good. Everything you're seeing
right here in this video, all of these
images were generated with this new
model and it is insanely impressive.
It's really good with text. It's really
good with realism. It's so good in fact
that it actually has been ranked the
number one image generation model and it
beats Nano Banana 2 by 24 points and
there's never been a gap this large at
least according to arena.ai. Now, this
is crazy if you just look at it. So,
Nanoban 2 is the one that I use for
everything. So, what I wanted to do is
actually get my hands dirty and compare
these two models. I've got tons of
different matchups here. So, I'm going
to show you guys which one I think is
better for which use cases. And then
we're going to dive into some specific
GPT I2 use cases that you can go do
right now. So, let's not waste any time
and just get straight into it. We have
30 different matchups. We fed them both
the same prompt and we're going to put
them side by side and you guys can help
me decide which ones you think are
better. But, funny enough, you know, GBT
is OpenAI, Nano Banana is Google. So,
I'm going to have Claude Opus 4.7 acting
as the judge and telling us which one it
thinks did best at each of these
categories. So, let's just get straight
into this deck here. All right. So, for
all of these, GBT Image 2 will be on the
left and Nano Banana will be on the
right. So, this right here was a vintage
1960s movie poster for a film called
Neon Shadows. If I was to choose a
winner here, I would be taking GBT Image
2. All right, this next one is a clean,
modern infographic titled AI image model
comparison. Once again, I would be going
with GBT Image 2. This one just looks a
little bit cheap. Even though the text
is all fine over here, this one looks
like kind of a template. And this one
feels like it was actually built for us.
Okay, here we have a premium product
label for a coffee bag that reads
Ethiopian. I'm not even going to try to
pronounce that. And honestly, here like
this is one where I might lean towards
this one. I just don't think that
there's enough of a difference yet to
pick, at least in this specific
scenario. So, they're both good. I would
probably pick Nano Banana 2 here. Okay.
A candid photo of a 35-year-old woman
with light freckles sitting in a cafe.
I'm going to go with the left side. I
mean, this looks so much more real. This
looks like something you might shoot on
an iPhone, whereas this looks like it
sometimes it just looks too good. Like
the lighting and the blurriness and it
just looks a bit too good. So, I would
be choosing this one over here. Okay.
So, I'm going to speed this up a little
bit. You guys don't need a full
breakdown. Let's just fly through these
a little bit. I I'd be taking this one.
Like I said, it just looks more real.
This looks too perfect. Professional
head shot. Honestly, I think these are
both pretty solid. I think it depends.
Like I said, these are both pretty good.
Now, this one's tough because they both
sort of look, I don't know, like
fantasyish.
And if I'm going to go with which one I
think looks more real, I would probably
choose this one over here. The lighting
over here, it just looks too edited. I
guess this looks like something that
was, you know, color corrected. And this
one looks also color corrected, but a
little bit more natural. Okay, this one
in my mind is just a no-brainer. This
left one looks so much more realistic.
Even though this one is solid, this
looks way more realistic. So, GBT image
2, as you guys can see, is just crushing
it. These are very, very similar. I
honestly think I would take this one. I
don't know why. My gut's just telling me
I'd lean this way. Okay, same sort of
thing here as the last product one. I
think these are both really really
solid. So, hard to choose a winner
there. I think once again, these would
be very similar to me. Although, the
physics over here don't really make
sense. It's floating and the uh the
insole is also floating out. So, I'd
pick GBT Image 2. These are both really
solid. I think the lighting on both of
these looks really good. Um, as far as
the actual watch, which one would I
rather wear? I'd probably rather wear
that one, so I'm going to choose that
one. A realistic mobile screenshot of a
clean banking app dashboard. I mean,
these are basically identical. I think
the only thing where I would give Nano
Banana 2 the edge here is that it was
able to use web search and it pulled the
real logos over here, which I do think
is a plus. A clean labeled physics
diagram of a simple pendulum. Okay, that
one's hard to tell. I don't I don't
know. I'm not picking one there. Um, a
realistic SAS landing page.
This one's also kind of tough. I think I
might have to go with the OpenAI
version. This one just looks a little
bit more vibe coded. These are basically
Okay, I'm not I'm not even going to
choose there. Um, oil painting. This one
I think I would choose. I'm going to
start to do these a little bit more
lightning round. O, I'd pick this one.
GBT image 2. I can't choose here. I
don't know what I'm looking at really.
Um, these look This one looks better if
we're talking like a kind of a
watercolor type of thing. I don't know.
I would choose that one. Yep. I think I
would go with GBT image 2 on this one.
Again, a single image showing the exact
same person in three different outfits.
I mean, this one's closer up, so the
details are better. So, I'm not going to
really choose a winner there. This one,
I think interesting. Honestly, for this
one, I would choose Nano Banana 2
because on this side, the lighting and
all the features just look too perfect.
Whereas, the lighting over here seems
like it's dynamic for the actual scene.
Okay, 30 was a lot. I'm just going to
click through these. I don't think you
guys need to hear me talk anymore. These
are all I mean they're both very good,
but you can kind of see where we are
with these two models. So, it's good to
see them side by side. And let's see
what the um Claude Opus 4.7 said. And by
the way, if you guys are curious how I
built this whole deck right here and the
one that you're going to see later in
this video with all these different use
cases, then you can download the repo
for this Cloud Code project, which
actually looks like this. I pretty much
automated that entire thing. I set it
off on the task. It generated all the
images, all the tests, created that
entire presentation in two different
separate local hosts. I'm going to drop
this whole project as a GitHub repo in
my free school community. The link for
that is down in the description if you
just want to check it out, look at the
images yourself, and also figure out
sort of like just the way I built it.
But anyways, the free school community
is linked in the description. You'll
come here, you'll go to the classroom,
go to all YouTube resources, and you'll
find everything that I've ever dropped
from YouTube in here. So, thanks guys. I
will let you get back to the video. Now,
it said that GPT image 21, we have
different categories. We have artistic
styles, character consistency, complex
scenes, diagrams, and UI. If you guys
really care, you can pause this real
quick and take a look. You can see that
they were just basically judged on Thai,
NanoBanana or GBT Image 2. And GBT image
2 ended up winning more. So that is what
Anthropic thinks of these two models and
also pricing. So I use Nano Banana and
GBT image through key.ai. It's basically
like an open router for models. Here you
can see you can get image models, video
models. It's just like one key and you
get all of them. So Nano Banana 2 has
different kind of pricing for the
quality if it's 1K, 2K or 4K. And it
goes up from 4 cents to 6 cents to 9
cents. So 46 or 9. And then right now
GBT image 2 is just 6 cents flat per
image. So do with that information what
you want, but they're roughly the same
price. And you can also get them for
cheaper through key.ai. So that's what I
use. All right. So now I've got some use
cases for you guys. And I know I said
10, but I ended up just kind of throwing
in a few more because there's so many
things you can do. And there's so many
more. There's probably 50 others I could
come up with, but I just wanted to show
you guys a few things that you might be
inspired to try. So, the first one is
pitch ready product packaging. So, I've
got three versions basically for all of
these. This one is cereal box. Pay
attention to the calories over here, the
nutrition facts. Pay attention to the
the barcode, all of the text. It's all
really, really good. I don't see a
single mistake. And that was one of the
biggest problems with AI image
generation. You can see here, same exact
thing. All of this, the shadows, the
labeling, the text, you know, the depth,
and then same thing right here with this
pill bottle. So, that was use case
number one. Number two is pretty cool.
So, I was inspired by this user on X.
His name was Nick, and he posted a
picture. Basically said, hey, I took
this image and I gave it to GPT, and I
said, "Hey, you know, basically make
this into a scan and get rid of the
creases." And if you look at it, you can
see that it actually matches his
handwriting like exactly. and the
creases are gone and it even cleaned up
some things. So, I think that this is
super impressive, especially when you
look down here and I think this is
physics and you start to see like
different formulas and like just messy
characters. It was able to match it. It
even got rid of this little red stroke.
You don't see that over here. So, then I
tried this myself, of course. I uploaded
this piece of paper that I crumpled up a
little bit and it matches my handwriting
basically perfect. The only mistake I
saw here was right here. This was
supposed to be an arrow and then a
three, not 33. But that's like the only
mistake that I was able to find. So very
impressive. And then we have this
handwritten whiteboard brainstorm. So
obviously this looks a little too
perfect, but you can see the shadow on
the whiteboard is really good. You can
see here this one looks a little bit
more realistic, I'd say. But all of
these are very solid. We also have doing
website design. So this one has a kind
of like a SAS. It's a full website hero
section. And for some reason right now
I'm not able to change the aspect ratio.
So it's basically always coming back
square and I can't really control it. So
this would probably look a little bit
better if it was landscape, but this one
looks really nice. I mean, if you were
able to use this inspiration and feed
that into like a claw design, it would
build it out really nice. And then
similarly here, I think that this one is
also pretty beautiful. So it should be
good at helping you design website
concepts. All right, so add creative
split tests. I think this is super cool.
I mean, it understands the spacing. It
is engaging. Maybe you want to get a
little bit less wordy, but still. This
one looks really good. This one also
looks really solid. And this one, I
mean, this one has the red, which I
think would kind of stop the scroll a
little bit, but all of these different
variations are pretty cool. Now, we also
have UGC Selfie Ads. So, this one is
obviously very solid. It is the um
little serum. This one is Cedar and
Sage. It's We've saw this product a few
other times. This one, I think the man
doesn't look as realistic. His skin
looks a little bit maybe too smooth.
This one looked a lot better, I think.
And here, I think this one looks really
solid as well. The lighting and
everything, all the wording. Now, we
also have the localized creative. So, we
saw the cedar and sage earlier, but now
it can be translated. And I think that
this ad itself actually looks really
solid, too. So, I'd probably say, "Hey,
make this in English as well." Um, this
one looks really, really good. All of
these are very consistent with the
brand, as you can see, the colors and
stuff. And this one also looks nice.
We've got book covers and three
different styles. So, this book is
called The Founders Silence, and we have
this one as well as this one. Very
different vibes, but this kind of stuff
could just help you ideulate, right?
Like you could just drop in a product
and say, "Hey, create me 15 different
styles of book covers or of ads or
websites and it's just going to give you
a ton of outputs." That's really going
to help you with like figuring out which
direction you want to go. You can also
use this for LinkedIn carousels. So here
we have, you know, seven pricing
mistakes founders make on SAS. And then
you'd have all your different slides
generated with this image model because
the text is good and because it could
generate diagrams and charts and things
like that as well. This one, I don't
really know how this got in here.
restaurant menu plus food photography.
But the menu looks fine. It looks a
little bit AI generated, the the
handwriting, but this food, I mean, if
you put this on your website or, you
know, in your reviews or even just on
your menu, this food looks super super
like just real. We've also got brand
mascot. So, if you've got a a mascot and
you want to put it across different
elements of your website or wherever,
um, it should be able to keep that
character pretty consistent throughout.
Not only logo design, but also the
ability to like change the styling of
your logo. So, we've got the AIS right
here, but look, you can make it like a
3D element. You could make it like a
plush. You could change it to be sort of
like glass. And I did this with other
logos, too. So, the Up AI logo, you can
see same exact thing. And then for just
my logo, Nate, we can see that we have
these different styles as well. So, very
cool. Also, real estate. So, figuring
out what to do with your space. Like
this is my space
right back here. It's a pretty empty
room, right? But here you can see that
it keeps my elements that already exist.
and it put a new plant. It put a couch.
It put a different rug. And then it did
that with a few other styles, too. So,
it's keeping the spatial awareness and
it's keeping the elements, but it's just
kind of changing up what's in here.
We've got some enterprise diagrams. So,
it understands logic. It understands
flow. It understands how to obviously
make text. So, here's just a few other
examples of this. Now, I did notice
right here we have a little bit of an
error here. And I'm not sure exactly if
I put click P, we should be able to see
the exact prompt what it might have
messed up. Yeah. So, I'm not exactly
sure what happened here, but it
definitely did mess up some of the text.
Now, I was also throttling this API and
um just generating hundreds of images,
but if you push it to the limit, it
might mess up some stuff.
Speaking of messing up some stuff, these
thumbnails are horrific. Now, keep in
mind, this was literally me giving it a
reference thumbnail and saying, "Make a
bunch." And like I said, I was
throttling the API and stuff. And it's
interesting because earlier I did some
examples where I said, "Hey, here's a
picture of me. make it look like I'm,
you know, shaking hands with ex person.
And it was making me look like me. But
sometimes when you do a source image
over and over, it just degrades and it
degrades. But the reason I wanted to
include it here is because if I actually
built a workflow around this that had
like good elements and it had good
prompting for my style, I 100% think
that I could fully automate the
thumbnail creation. So, I thought that
it was at least worth including in this
sort of use case type of video. But
these are obviously trash. Like even all
three of these, I look different in all
of them. And then the last one I put
because you know it could definitely be
useful um is just realistic app mock-ups
which we saw earlier in the comparison
between GBT Image 2 and Nanobet 2. So
all of these look pretty solid. But
yeah, I mean if you guys are curious how
I built those two sort of tests and
those dashboards, those were just spun
up on local host. Um and I pretty much
just had Claude code in here build
everything. So, I dropped in what it
needed and I had it brainstorm over how
we could do this comparison and research
what the best use cases would be as far
as like comparing them. And then
obviously Claude Code itself analyzed
and judged all those images. So, it's
really cool that I was able to just give
it this task and give it this idea I had
and then it was able to automate the
pipeline of creating all those images
and inserting them into the dashboards
and, you know, creating all that styling
and the presentation for me. So very
very cool to just be able to push Cloud
Code to its limits and just connect all
these different tools. But that is going
to do it for today. And I know this one
was quick, but just wanted to show you
guys the new model, compare it to Nano
Banana 2. But anyways, I'm going to be
using GBT Image 2 a lot more cuz right
now pretty much all my thumbnails are
are created or enhanced with Nano Banana
2. So this thumbnail that you're looking
at for this video, I had built with GPT
Image 2. So hopefully you guys think it
looked good. Anyways, that's going to do
it for this one. Hope you guys enjoyed
the video. If you did, please give it a
like. It helps me out a ton. And as
always, I appreciate you making it to
the end of the video and I'll see you in
the next one.